Hello, today I want to offer you
recipe for a delicious cake that
can cook for your family or
guests for this we need 2 eggs
1 cup of sugar is all good
beat with a mixer
add two cups of flour better
sifted of course
1 cup sour cream but preferably not so
thick like mine
add soda quenched with vinegar
and mix it all up well later
best beat with a mixer
dough can also be added or vanilla
or nuts you too will be very tasty
so our dough is whipped now
shift into shape and put in the oven
we shift in the form and put the oven
on the middle fire is desirable oven
heat up pre and leave for
40 minutes and did not look completely
time will come and so little even
stand and cool down after
time runs out and then only
open their parting at this time we
make cream melted butter
somewhere we pack one pack in a can
Condensed milk is not well whipped with a mixer
the cream should be very thick
during this time we also prepare the icing for
of this we will need 3 tablespoons
milk 2 teaspoons cocoa
and seemingly teaspoon butter
as well as 4 spoons of sugar
shuffle and set on slow fire
and
and gradually stir until full
sugar dissolving
Immediately get uniform error too
and during this time I have excluded accessories
but should not be a little bit for the guests because
that very liquid will spread and
freezing effects that I wanted
after we have baked our cake
cut it lengthwise into part 2
these two parts are well lubricated by our
cream
cream can add pieces of some
fruits such as delicious bananas
and kiwi
so that he turned out beautiful I
flipped the code and smear the glaze
now the lower part but if you have
the top is also beautiful and you can
lubricate and versions start after that
the cake can be a little decorate I took
ordinary kulechek and cut them a corner
and now I put the cream on the cake
on top you can so thank decorate but
me it is not very original just
Orange slices I laid out the form.
Here is such a review all nice
appetite